[WOMAN A]
It's that time.
What should we do
for Christmas this year?
[UZAKI] It's starting to feel
like the holidays, isn't it?
Everyone's in the
mood to celebrate.
Speaking of which,
I've heard someone's
got a spicy date on the books.
Isn't that right, Ito?
Let's not make it sound
more steamy than it is.
My boyfriend booked a
table at a restaurant
and invited me to join him
for a nice dinner, that's all.
You say that now, but things
could heat up after dessert.
Enough about my yuletide plans,
what about yours?
You and Sakurai
doing anything fun?
You guys really are like
two peas in a pod, you know.
That's what everybody says!
[UZAKI] Except my schedule's
as open as a cooked clam.
It's okay though.
Sooner or later,
Sakurai's bound to
invite me to something!
I'm gonna deck his halls
with so much Christmas spirit
he won't know what hit him!
[UZAKI] I'm gonna start
prepping the ingredients.
You mind going ahead and
setting the table for us?
[SAKURAI]
I'm on it.
[UZAKI laughs]
He can't take his eyes off me!
He's not even trying to
hide it, and I know why.
It's because he wants
to invite me over
for Christmas fun
times, obviously!
Look at that thirsty gaze.
That's the face of a man
longing for someone special
to keep him warm during
a cold winter night.
Well fine by me, loner boy.
If that's how it is,
I guess I'll spend
the holidays with you.
Just quit beating
around the bush
and tell me what
you want already.
Wait. What does he want?
Whoa, now that I think about it,
I'm actually getting sort
of nervous about Sakurai.
There's a real chance he
might make a move on me.
What if he turns into
some kind of beast?
Nah, there's no way.
At least, not from what
I've seen of him. Ugh...
Then again, he might be
a gentleman about it.
See something you like,
Uzaki babes?
[UZAKI]
How would I react?
Wait, that's not something
a gentleman would say.
Dinner preparations
are complete, madame.
Right this way.
[UZAKI] No, too formal.
He isn't a butler.
Wassup girl! Hope you're
ready to jingle those bells
and get litty tonight, yeahyuh!
[UZAKI] What? He'd never
pull something like that!
Okay Hana, enough
with the daydreams.
Calm down for a sec.
There's no reason
to assume the worst.
I've known the guy for so long.
He's never been the type of
person to act aggressively.
Still though, it could get
awkward. Wait a minute.
Wasn't I just implying
that Sakurai's practically
the most harmless creature
in the whole world?
He is. So what's got me freaking
out all of a sudden?
Oh no. What's going on?
Don't give into such
impure thoughts, Hana.
He's a wholesome boy with
nothing but good intentions!
[UZAKI] That's right!
You hang in there, angel me!
Oh, please! He's a horny loser
like all the other guys!
[UZAKI] Where did all
these devils come from?
My inner conscience
is totally corrupt!
Fess up, you've been
lusting after him, too!
Why would you even say that?
I would never entertain
the possibility
of doing such naughty
things with another person.
Naughty things like what?
Spill the deets, girl!
C'mon cutie, don't be shy!
I'm not sure we should
talk about this, so...
Take her down!
[screaming]
[UZAKI] No. Could it be
possible? At some point,
have I been the one to
catch feelings for him?
[SAKURAI]
Yo, Uzaki.
[screaming] What's the
big idea, creepypants?
I'm not finished
chopping the veggies!
Sorry, my bad.
I wasn't trying to rush
dinner or anything.
Actually, there was something
I wanted to check, first.
Would you mind if I asked
you to take your top off?
[UZAKI gasps]
Hold on.
Is he trying to unwrap
this box before Christmas?
No way. He's not that
type of guy, remember?
Well I guess,
if that's what you want.
[UZAKI] Just breathe.
This is totes normal.
We've never done anything
like this before...
[UZAKI] Still something feels
off about this. And yet...
[SAKURAI]
Don't move.
[UZAKI squeaks]
[SAKURAI]
Stay right there.
Sakurai?
That shirt looked familiar and
I could've sworn it was mine.
Eh?
Oh. No yeah,
it is yours actually.
Guess I've been wearin' it for
so long, I forgot I borrowed it.
[SAKURAI] Well, whatever.
Just make sure you
give it back to me at
some point, ya thief.
Wait a minute, why are you
getting upset with me
when I'm the one
whose clothes were
stolen away by a
deceitful friend?
Look, I didn't steal
your stupid duds.
I only borrowed them,
which means I'm gonna
give 'em back, okay?
I'll even throw 'em
in the wash
and bring 'em over
tomorrow if you'll shut up!
Thanks, I appreciate it.
They're oversized on me and
super comfy, but fine, I get it.
It's your stuff and I
shouldn't hold onto it.
Besides, none of it even
smells like you anymore,
so I'm happy to
part ways with it.
Were you sniffing on my clothes?
Could you not.
That's embarrassing.
On second thought, just
forget I said anything
and I promise I won't
mention it ever again.
I didn't know it was such a
sensitive subject! Sheesh.
[UZAKI] And here I thought
I'd be taking the initiative.
So much for that!
This is far from over, though.
Tomorrow, I'm gonna teach him
a lesson he won't forget!
[NARRATOR] Soon enough,
the next day arrived.
[gasping]
[UZAKI laughs] Are you ready to
get punished, you filthy degen?
No. Have mercy, Uzaki.
Do anything but that.
I'm begging you!
Heh. Why would I ease up
when I'm having so much fun?
Especially since that pitiful
face you're making is hilarious.
Anyway, it's too late
to stop now.
You've no one to blame
but yourself.
[SAKURAI]
Wait, you've gotta hear me out.
I'm completely lost here.
I have no idea what
I've done to upset you!
C'mon, this isn't fair. At least
tell me what I did wrong!
No more talking, you pervert!
Why do you keep on calling me
those weird names?
I'm so confused!
Just shut up and take it,
you lowly worm!
[UZAKI]
Presenting The Atrocity!
Hope ya got popcorn ready!
[laughing]
[NARRATOR] Poor Hana had
found herself disquieted
by Sakurai's inadvertently
suggestive behavior.
Though it was merely
a misunderstanding,
the vengeful maiden's fragile
heart demanded retribution.
And what better way to retaliate
than with a forced viewing
of a horror film?
It was a fearsome
punishment indeed!
Human beings truly are
the most petty and foolish
creatures, aren't they?
[UZAKI]
Here we go. Time to hit play!
[sweeping sound continues]
[HORROR LOUSY CAT screams]
[UZAKI screaming]
Why're you the one screaming?
Wasn't I supposed to do that?
You might not believe this,
but I've never seen
a scary movie.
No wonder you hate them so much.
I was just trying to troll you,
but I had no idea they'd
be so terrifying!
I hate to rub it in,
but you really are
the queen of playing yourself,
you know that?
What I wanna know is
how you're managing
to not freak out while
watching this since you said
you couldn't handle sitting
through these types of films!
[SAKURAI] I dunno. I mean,
it is really frightening.
But the story's
surprisingly interesting.
Plus, seeing you jump out
of your skin like that
is kind of entertaining.
Do you mean to tell me I'm
the only one who's actually
losing it? That's not fair
at all, you traitor!
[SAKURAI]
Who's the traitor here?
If her stupid plan worked out,
she'd be laughing at me right
now. Talk about nerve.
If you're really that scared,
we could always stop watching.
I'm gonna grit my teeth
and keep watching
this thing until you crap
your pants at least once.
And besides, I don't wanna be
a buzzkill if you're
enjoying yourself.
[SAKURAI] Uzaki sticks to her
guns about the strangest things.
--[WOMAN B screams]
--[UZAKI screams]
[SAKURAI] Whoa! You're a
little close, don't you think?
I'm sorry, but I tend
to startle easily
when I'm panicking
for my life, okay?
[screams]
[UZAKI screaming]
Could you not invade my personal
space, you freaking weirdo?
You're gonna stretch
my favorite hoodie out!
You look like you're
gonna keel over.
I feel like I've run a marathon.
I think I literally almost
scared myself to death
since my heart was racing
a mile a minute
like it was about to
burst out of my chest?
So remind me to never
do that again please.
Well thankfully
the movie's over,
so you can stop
shaking like a leaf.
And it's getting pretty late,
so we should call it now.
Let's go, crybaby.
I'll walk you to the station.
I'm not leaving.
[gasps]
I'm afraid.
[SAKURAI]
What?
I'm not ready to leave your
place yet cause I'm afraid.
[SAKURAI]
What are you, five?
[UZAKI] Shut up!
It wasn't a problem before,
but now I'm worried
there's gonna be
something lurking
around to gut me!
Guess that movie
really got to you, huh.
Do you want me
to call you a taxi?
[UZAKI]
No way, you can't do that!
What if the cabdriver
ends up being a ghost?
[SAKURAI]
That's doesn't even make sense!
How bout we ask
one of your folks
to come and pick you up
or something?
[UZAKI]
Are you kidding?
One of them might be
a ghost in disguise!
[SAKURAI] You seriously need
to check your imagination!
I'm begging you Sakurai,
please let me spend
the night with you!
I'll go home first thing in
the morning and I promise
I'll never watch another
stupid horror flick ever again!
Ugh, really? I've got
an early day tomorrow.
Would it help if I
made you breakfast
and packed you a
bento lunch to take?
If it'll get you to stop
groveling then fine,
you can stay over.
Yay, you're a lifesaver.
Thanks to you,
I'm pretty sure I won't
get haunted now!
Good thing my
apartment's ghost free.
I'll tell my parents we're
having a slumber party!
[NARRATOR] Sakurai failed
to notice that he was
hopelessly conditioned
by Hana's cooking.
[UZAKI]
Oh, you bought another futon.
Yeah, for when I
have guests over.
[UZAKI] That's cute, but you do
realize that I'm the only one
who'll be using it, right?
I mean, it's not like you have
any friends who'll
spend the night.
Which basically
makes this my futon.
[SAKURAI]
Shut up!
[UZAKI] You can put up a
front as much as you like,
but there's no use
denying the facts.
You got all this
prepared for me.
I know you can be a
gentleman sometimes,
but this is on another level!
That's enough yammering.
Go get ready for bed!
Kay!
[SAKURAI] Man, Uzaki sleeping
over is starting to become
a given. That's one less
boundary between us.
And I still haven't figured out
how I feel about that yet.
It's just, you're
really special to me.
[UZAKI] Hey, Sakurai!
Make sure you don't
suddenly turn the lights off
on me while I'm showering.
I'm not in the mood
for any pranks.
[SAKURAI] The only person
who'd do that is you.
[UZAKI] Oh. That reminds me,
no peeping either.
I know I'm stacked,
but show some respect.
If I catch you slobberin',
you're in for a clobberin'.
Got that, shifty-eyes?
[UZAKI shrieks]
I can't see anything.
What did I just tell you?
Turn those back on!
[SAKURAI] Hm? Oh right,
that's Uzaki's bag.
I bet she bought some extra
groceries to take home
before she decided to
stay here for the night,
so I better stash it in the
fridge before it goes bad--
[SAKURAI screaming]
I'm sorry, I kinda
started poking around
in your stuff while
you were showering.
[SAKURAI]
Holy mackerel. That bra, tho!
Oh. It's no biggie, these
things happen sometimes.
You were trying to
look out for ya girl,
so I totally understand.
Next time I'll remember
to hide it someplace
that won't be as obvious.
Right. Hide it. That's normal.
I can explain. I thought I'd
bring some spare undies in case
I needed to crash a
few nights in a row.
To be honest though,
I sure didn't imagine
I'd have to start putting
them to use this soon!
Why are you like this?
I've housed your
crap once before
and I don't wanna have
to go through that again!
Wait a minute, what are you
wearing right now?
What do you mean?
I didn't pack anything
comfy to sleep in tonight.
So, I dug around in your dresser
and found this old shirt
along with these shorts.
[SAKURAI] How do I put this,
those aren't outside shorts.
Those are actually my boxers.
So, yeah.
[UZAKI gasping]
[UZAKI]
I'll definitely make sure
to bring PJs with me next time.
[SAKURAI]
Please do.
[UZAKI] Sorry. I should've
asked you first.
Lemme go wash 'em!
[SAKURAI]
She ran away.
I know I said otherwise
but maybe I'd be better off
if I let her keep
more of her junk here.
[SAKURAI] Really, a phone call?
At this hour?
[UZAKI]
You know what?
I might as well wash these
bath towels while I'm at it!
Knock yourself out.
Hello, this is Sakurai.
[SHIRO]
Am I hearing things?
Or do you have a girl
over there right now?
And here I was convinced
you were too frigid
for your own good.
[UZAKI laughs]
[SHIRO] Don't get me wrong,
I think it's great.
Sounds like you're finally
settling into college life.
I'm proud of you, son!
Don't worry though,
I won't tell Mom.
Just, uh... be safe,
you get it.
[SAKURAI]
You can think whatever,
but it's not like that.
What do you want, anyway?
Go on, spit it out, Dad.
[whistling]
[ASAI] Heyo, ready
to get your drink on?
Still gotta wait for
Uzaki and Saku first.
I love a holiday nightcap,
and with a little liquid courage
to get the tensions building
and the confessions
spilling right before
cuffing season.
You couldn't ask for a more
titillating way to finish out
the end of the year!
[ASAI laughing]
[BOTH laughing]
[UZAKI]
Yo! Sorry I'm late!
[SAKAKI] Huh? I thought Saku
was coming with you.
There was a change of plans.
[ASAI] Sakurai went
to visit his family?
That seems kinda random.
Yeah, I thought the same thing.
Apparently, he hasn't gone
back home in two years.
He got a phone call telling him
to drop the whole
prodigal son act.
[ASAI] Two years?
I'm sort of impressed.
I suppose even a loner boy
like Sakurai has his limits.
[SAKURAI]
I'm home.
Hey, Mom, it's good to see you.
Fancy seeing you here, Shinichi.
It really has been
quite a while, I suppose.
Were you planning to spend
yet another Christmas alone
before we called you?
I didn't know you enjoyed
living on your own that much.
Right. I'm sorry for not
coming back to visit
you guys sooner.
And what can I say, I kinda like
having my personal space.
Before we keep on
talking though.
You mind if we address
the elephant in the room?
As in the infant you're holding.
Are you nannying?
It's not nannying
when it's your own child.
Huh.
Hold on a second.
Shinichi, did you...
did you seriously not know
that you have a baby sister?
I leave home for two freaking
years and now I have a sister?
[SAKURAI sputtering]
Why are you yelling?
I'm the one who
should be upset here.
Didn't your father tell you
anything about this?
No, not exactly.
He said I should try not to
get overwhelmed with school
and it was understandable if
I didn't bend over backwards
to come back home.
Huh? Is that all he said?
He told me he was going to call
you and fill you in. But...
--What?
--I can see that didn't happen.
No, it did not.
I get the gist, though.
[SHIRO] Well look what
the cat dragged in.
Were you gonna stand
guard by the doorway
for your entire visit?
Don't glare at me, it was just
a joke. Welcome home, son.
Hello, Dad.
So, there's something I
wanted to ask you guys.
Something that's been
bugging me about Sakurai.
Ask away, friend!
[SAKAKI] Saku's not even here
and she can't stop talking
about him. We should totally
go drinking more often.
Not that it matters, but do you
know why that nerd chose
to live alone? I could be wrong,
but I'm pretty sure
his parents live
fairly close to campus.
Well if you both went
to the same high school,
then that should be the case,
don't you think?
And striking it out on your
own while you're in college
can be super rough
on the pocketbook.
It'd make more sense for him
to commute from home.
Is there a reason
he's making things
more complicated for himself?
[SAKURAI] Okay. So,
let me get this straight.
I've been living all by
myself and the reason
you wanted me to do that was
to help me "build character,"
in case college wasn't
enough to cut it?
That's right, bucko.
It was also an excuse
to kick you out
so your mom and I could have
the house to ourselves.
I figured it was time for us
to relive our newlywed days.
You had me move out so you
could hook up with Mom?
[SHIRO chuckles]
[SAKURAI]
Ugh. You suck, old man.
[SHIRO] I just finished
catching up with Shinichi.
He says he's too
busy to come home.
I guess that means
we'll be spending another
New Year's by
ourselves, my dear.
I bet he's living it up at those
college parties every day.
I basically intercepted
each of your mom's attempts
to contact you. You know,
to keep you away.
If you were gone
we could get frisky.
That is, until
Nodoka came along.
Ah... It's a real shame
I couldn't make her
pamper me forever!
You're disgusting,
you know that?
So you're still keeping
the old spark alive, huh?
I suppose that's not the worst
fact to learn about your folks.
Wait. Mom,
how old are you again?
I think I should be
turning 50 next year?
Interesting age to have a kid.
But it wouldn't be the
strangest thing to happen.
No regrets, but I'll admit
we might've gotten
a little too excited.
Honestly Mom, I gotta say
I'm kind of impressed.
Aw, how sweet.
I'm pretty sure that compliment
wasn't directed at you, geezer.
Anyway, it didn't last.
Your mom was starting
to get real sad.
She was wondering
why her baby boy
hadn't come by to say hi
to her baby girl yet.
I wound up having to chase
your butt over here in the end.
You're welcome, by the way.
But why did you think
it was a smart move
to cover up such big news
in the first place?
What the heck were you
thinking, you clown?
Surprise, surprise.
There you go with the logical
arguments, just like your mom.
I bet your classmates get
a kick out of that energy.
Talk about a buzzkill.
Hey. My classmates like me!
Dear, Shinichi can't help it
if he prioritizes his
own needs over the needs
of those around him.
He learned it from watching you.
Gee thanks.
Ha, ha! Like that?
How's it feel to get mom'd?
[sighs] Okay, that's enough
fun and games now.
Imma start heading back home.
Come on, don't be a party
pooper. You just got here,
so take a load off and hang
around with us for a while.
It's funny you should
say that when you're
the genius who's been
keeping me away!
Oh, don't be silly now.
I'm about to make us some dinner
and I insist that you at least
spend the night, okay?
Right, boy,
listen to your mother!
You're not giving me
much of a choice here.
Why don't you make yourself
useful and get acquainted
with your baby sister
while I'm in the kitchen?
You'll have lots
of fun together.
Will we though?
Looky Nodoka! It's your
big brother Shinichi!
Uh. Hey, I feel like this
is a really bad idea
considering that I don't
know how to hold a baby!
Support her neck and
hold her from the bottom.
Don't worry, you'll be fine.
Nodoka's a lil trouper.
She isn't timid like
you were at her age.
Anyway, I'll get the bath going.
Just holler if you
need something.
What if I drop her?
Can you believe I'm
21 years older than you.
Sakurai gets me so frustrated
I could punch a
hole in the wall!
He's always inconsiderate,
he never keeps me in the loop,
and he writes everybody off
like an uptight middle manager!
Sometimes I don't know why I
even bother with that loser.
When is he gonna realize
there are people in his life
who actually give
a crap about him?
That stupid meathead
manchild dork.
Can't believe Christmas
is right around the corner.
[ASAI] It looks like
Hana's getting schwasty.
You think she'd be
in a better mood.
[SAKAKI]
She seems completely fed up
with how slow things are
going with her Casanova.
You know what,
whenever Saku comes back
we should go out
for drinks again
so you can tell him
everything to his face.
[SAKAKI grunts]
[ASAI grunts]
Not to change the subject,
but I've always been curious
to learn what you were
like back in high school.
You wanna give us the backstory?
[UZAKI]
Huh...?